you know contemplating uh... what would
happen if these uh... these patent roles
are able to shut down or shows like this
one
contemplate what you would be left
listening to i really chris matthews on
them
on hard by it and see it but
uh... was quoted as saying well leon
panetta where these get you what he's
got integrity goes to church every every
day right
he's conscientious
speaking of the uh... current c_i_a_
chief
um...
if that is the what is it
always defense secretary former c_i_a_
was former c_i_a_ chief a brief emily
went to church during that time as well
not at all nell and
i mean i i just
uh... contemplate the the implications
of that statement
uh... regardless of whether or not you
have
issues with religion the idea that
somehow we should just say i had no
worry about this duty goes to church
every day
is
but sorrow world
it's just bizarre o
that this is what uh... the
liberal voices apparently is promoting
to us
don't worry about it these guys go to
church
what happens if we get someone who who
doesn't go to church and we uh... it
hobbies like a lot of still applicable
uh...
stop local start dropping meaning nukes
on pakistan iraq because the lack of
churches that's the real problem
and i'll just leave them around because
they're not conscientious but haven't
your child what other well that's what
they keep control of the snack
at weeded out
are joke on twitter yesterday
in response that chris matthews thing
that was areva
way second i don't go to church and i
don't
kill people with drones
nothing makes sense anymore
and then all the sun like the albino
pots come out of nowhere
and accuse me on saying that oh obama is
like bush now
the interesting thing about that was it
that's obviously the process that was
going on in their those persons mocked
and they somehow
by i have no hydeia however how they
would do this
but is so she needed
the assassination of american citizens
with drones
never mind the
the issues with signage or strikes and
whatnot in general
with being like welch
but i'm happy to hear from some of those
people who feel that i'm in
he moved
prague and what's the other thing that
they called people
i know imo proc
someone something bad yours
uh... out of the wooded
flaming bag yours or something like that
i'm not sure i'm not sure what it is but
is i'd
i'm willing to hear your arguments on
this
it'll be fascinating uh... for all of us
to hear my guts wine
and saddam complex so emotional it